---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "atlassian-operations_email_integration Resource - atlassian-operations"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# atlassian-operations_email_integration (Resource)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the email integration. Must be between 1 and 250 characters.
- `type_specific_properties` (Attributes) Configuration properties specific to email integrations, such as email address and notification settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--type_specific_properties))

### Optional

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the email integration is enabled. When disabled, the integration will not process any emails. Defaults to true.
- `team_id` (String) The ID of the team that owns this email integration. Used for access control and organization.

### Read-Only

- `advanced` (Boolean) Indicates whether this is an advanced email integration with additional configuration options.
- `directions` (List of String) The communication directions supported by this integration. Valid values are 'incoming' for receiving emails and 'outgoing' for sending emails.
- `domains` (List of String) The domains this integration operates on. Currently supports 'alert' for alert-related email communications.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the email integration. This is automatically generated when the integration is created.
- `maintenance_sources` (Attributes List) List of maintenance windows associated with this email integration. These define when the integration is under maintenance. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_sources))

<a id="nestedatt--type_specific_properties"></a>
### Nested Schema for `type_specific_properties`

Required:

- `email_username` (String) The email address used for this integration. This will be used as the sender/receiver address depending on the integration direction.

Optional:

- `suppress_notifications` (Boolean) Whether to suppress email notifications from this integration. When true, no notification emails will be sent. Defaults to false.


<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_sources`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Whether the maintenance window is active. When enabled, the integration behavior may be modified during the maintenance period.
- `interval` (Attributes) The time interval during which the maintenance window is active. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--maintenance_sources--interval))
- `maintenance_id` (String) The unique identifier of the maintenance window. This is automatically generated when the maintenance window is created.

<a id="nestedatt--maintenance_sources--interval"></a>
### Nested Schema for `maintenance_sources.interval`

Read-Only:

- `end_time_millis` (Number) The end time of the maintenance window in Unix milliseconds (UTC).
- `start_time_millis` (Number) The start time of the maintenance window in Unix milliseconds (UTC).
